
  SUBVERSIVE
  Subversion Configuration Manager

--------------------------------------------------

Subversive is an editor for Subversion configuration files: it has been
specifically designed to delegate the management of repository configurations
to end-users, so system administrators don't have to deal with this. This is
especially useful in large organizations, where the people using the
repositories are usually not the people running the servers.

Subversive gives people the ability to edit the access rights to their own
repositories directly, preventing them from making mistakes and also
isolates them from accessing repositories they shouldn't be messing with.

  FEATURES

- Works without a database. Reads and writes the Subversion configuration file
  directly.

- Does not destroy manual edits. System administrators still have the ability
  to edit the Subversion configuration file manually with a text editor; their
  changes will be picked up by Subversive, not overwritten on the next access.

- Supports LDAP. Users can be authenticated against and user lists retrieved
  from both a .htpasswd file as used by Apache (typically used as a
  WebDAV/Subversion server), as well as an LDAP server. This makes Subversive
  suitable for both small and large organizations.

  PERMISSIONS MODEL

Subversive makes some assumptions about the way permissions are structured in
your svn_access file, which may or may not be compatible with the way your
permissions are currently structured.

There are two types of groups:

- Local groups: these groups have the name of the repository in them, such as
  Project_ReadOnly, or Newspaper_Editors. We consider local groups to be scoped
  to the repository in their name so they should only be assigned in that
  repository. The Subversive interface will not allow you to assign these
  groups in other repositories. Of course, you could still do this manually,
  but you'd better not. The advantage of local groups is that they can be
  edited by repository owners without influencing other repositories.

- Global groups: groups without a repository name in them are global groups.
  They cannot be edited from within Subversive, but they can be assigned
  permissions in repositories.

Subversive distinguishes between two types of users:

- Repository Owners; can edit all permissions and groups of the repositories
  they "own".

- Administrators: can edit all repositories.

A user's role is determined by their membership of certain groups with special
names. By default, all users in the global group "Admins" are considered
Administrators, and every user in the local repository groups named "Owners"
are considered Owner of that repository.

Since the Owners group is also a regular local group, it can be edited by the
owners as well, which means they can assign ownership to other people.
